From Iara Celeste Diaz---a former student who has drpped this curse of a course.

HI Professor Skeith - 

We do not undertand almost everything.

Our group has six people and it is a random sample of the 21 person class.
All of us cannot understand a thing you say.

Please use ZOOM vs Twitch. Twitch is for gamers. At the surface, you look as though you are truly teaching a legit topic. But in reality none of us can understand you.

We Cannot understand the PROJECT as well. If that requires advanced C++ this should have beren stated on the prerequisite for your course. We showed your Project to an old CS professor from HK and even he couldnt understand your project. It also seems peculiar that you assigned this Project two days AFTER (feb 21) the dropping of classes deadline.
(Feb 19) This is catfishing. If students had known about the nature of the project early on, they could have had the chance to drop the class rather than being stuck in a class where they could not understand the project.

We also resort to youtubing the topics you assign to class and we haved found better teachers that teachn the same topic. This takes hours of our time. The videos in Youtibe are clear, the teachers are CLEAR! Why couldnt you be more like them?

It IS not our problem. It is your job to teach us and make the material digestible for students. Also, this MO of asking us in class whether we understand you or not is not effective. In a small class, students are afraid to raise hands and say they dont understand for fear of looking dumb. Dont use Psi-OPS on us. Its an ineffective way of asking students to tell u whether they understand the material or not. No one will easily comre forward. ANd when we do ask you questions, you gaslight with your answers.

Why dont you prepare a good lecture once and for all. Tell us what the function of whatever proofs or equations u are talking about. Show us the big picture birds eyeview. Then tell us about the equation youre talking about and how that fits in the big picture. Rather than just going on and on solving an equation/proof on twitch that maybe even yourserlf dont understand.

Please dont underestimate your students. WE can perceive what IS going on.
We know bad professors when we see one. Because we have had good professors in the past.

It is not the students fault as u claim here. Most all of us cannot understand you.
You are the problem it seems. Your teaching style is UNCOOL. Please change.

PS And lastly, Prof. Skeith, I have asked for a letter of confirmation of my withdrawal from you.
Please do not make me wait for it, i know you must be annoyed by me but it is my right to get that withdrawal confirmation from you ASAP.
Please dont make me wait--it will only make you look bad. I expect my confirmation letter of withdrawal today or early next week.
If I dont hear anything, I will ask you publicly on Twitter about it. or email you again
and I will cc Diana Cuozzo and The President of the university Pres. Boudreau if I have a problem getting 
it from you.

Thank you.